---
layout: two-col
title: About Us
banner: /images/slideshow/006.jpg
---

## About Us

Of the three co-ed a cappella groups on Princeton soil, Roaring 20
prides itself not only on the broadness of its repertoire, but also on
the undying love of its members for each other and the group. Roaring
20 is not just an activity, but also a family.

Auditions are held for all interested freshmen and sophomores twice a
year, in the fall and spring. If you're interested in trying out for
R20, check out our [auditions](/auditions) page.

### Roaring 20 History 

Originally founded in 1983 as an all-male, jazz-centric group called
“Cat’s Meow”, the Roaring 20 has over time become one of Princeton’s
best known and loved a cappella groups. Though jazz music now
comprises only a third of our repertoire, we still proudly retain the
name upon which the group agreed many, many years ago. Now co-ed, the
group is entirely student-run, which means we run our own rehearsals,
arrange our own music, plan our own tours, produce our own albums, and
even write our own website blurbs!

We perform a highly diverse repertoire, ranging from Duke Ellington
and Gershwin to Snow Patrol, Leona Lewis and the Beatles. We hold four
weekly rehearsals, each lasting for an hour and a half, as well as
weekly sectional practices. These rehearsals take place in our very
own room, located at 071 Bloomberg Hall. In addition to the bi-weekly
archsings, we perform local shows on weekends, and take two week-long
tours around the world. Our tour destinations have included Germany, 
Palm Beach, Toronto, the Dominican Republic, Paris, Italy, and
Los Angeles (the set of 'The Price is Right').

For general inquiries about the group, e-mail us at
[princetonroaring20@gmail.com](mailto:princetonroaring20@gmail.com).
